h2. Summary


h2. Instructions

The configuration interface can be accessed via the follwoing methods : 
* chat slash command /oufsmee

h2. Todo

This document tracks things that need to be improved within this project.

h3. oUF_Smee2/core.lua

* Toggle Default Blizzard (De)buffs
 This toggles blizzard buff frame off.
 It needs to be able to restore what it modifies.

* Debuff Highlighting Options
 Doesn't toggle between icons and texture without a interface reload.
 
* Status Icon Options
  Full range of status icons require option widgets to modify their visibilty and positions.

* TargetTarget doesn't always spawn.

h2. Change Log

v1.117 @ Tuesday, June 30 2009
* Fixed incorrect ace3dialog & ace3config  library implementation
* minmap & ldb modifier keys changed to match oufsmeegroups
* minimap icon provided
* it is now possible to configure fonttype, fontsize, fontoutline settings for individual font objects per frame, furthermore each font object can either follow custom rules or the global font rule.

v1.116 @ Tuesday, June 30 2009
* Castbar positioning fixed after channeling stopped.
* Option to toggle debuff highlighting on or off.


v1.115 @ Saturday, June 25 2009
* factioncolour fontstring tag provided, fetchs colours from the global constant FACTION_BAR_COLORS.
* Updated default settings database.
* anchorOn option provided for castbar text objects

v1.114 @ Wednesday, June 24 2009
* removed unnecessary print function.

v1.113 @ Wednesday, June 24 2009
* special fishing bar
* aura config preview dis-embedded from oUF-Core
* more health bar colouring options
* castbar framestrata options
* oUF core and plugins embedded.

v1.112 @ Friday, June 19 2009
* Removed dependancie on modified oUF core. Standard oUF core is still required but not included here.
* Changed Aura Config Preview handlind.
* Beginnings of group notifications of SpellCast.
* fixed error with frame (un)lock
* deficit bar growth on health and power for all singleton frames. currently labeled as 

v0.081 @ Friday, April 17 2009
* fixed references to sharedMediaWidgets

v0.08 @ Thursday, April 16 2009
* included shared media support for fonts & textures
* remove threat text object ( pending investigation to the changes in api )
* includes indication of aura ownership.
* inbuilt totembar
* included modified version of oUF_Runebar to support configuration.
* included modified version of oUF_HealComm to support vertical & horizontal bars

v0.07 @ Monday, April 06 2009
* change functions used by both core & config into methods
* return a frames x,y coords on dragstop to it's settings database.

v0.06 @ Friday, April 03 2009 
* beginnings of the tag editor
* modify unitframe tag strings of available elements(health,name,power,threat)
* toggle background of buff & debuff containers to preview the space contained auras would occupy
* removed dependancy on oUF_Tags
* unitframe dimensioning works properly now, the height of the power & health bars are expressed as a percentage of the frame height.
